How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Used FC with DOS command prompt on my Windows machine.
    Using the program to find differenced made the task much faster and less tedious.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Great backup. Prevents loss of work. Makes things easy when changes 
       need to be reversed. Clients frequently change their minds.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The automatic commit eliminates problems when programmers forget to backup.
       However, code saved automatically may not be useful. For example, 
       it could include incomplete lines or code that will not compile for
       reasons.
    The manual option allows saving at the best time, when additions
       and changes are complete. This makes the backups more useful.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Programming applications often include various files that are interdependent.
       For example, code in one file might contain code that uses a function
       stored in another file. Saving multiple files at once allows coordination
       of such interdependent files. Otherwise it may be difficult to determine
       which version of each different files will work together.
    Treating files separately is more useful for information contained in 
       files that do not have such types of interdependence.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log displays the list of commits or versions of the application 
        starting with the most recent.
    git diff hightlights changes made to the files between designated commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version control makes it easier and faster to find coding errors by
        keeping copies from differents points in time.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Project from my Android Developer course.